OBSDOCS-1859: Loki Query performance troubleshooting steps (#99687)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/best-practices-for-loki-labels.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.4
:_template-generated: 2025-09-25
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="best-practices-for-loki-labels_{context}"]
= Best practices for Loki labels

> Labels in Loki are both the keyspace on which Loki shards incoming data, and the index used for finding logs at query-time. You can optimize query performance by properly using labels. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels in Loki are both the keyspace on which Loki shards incoming data, but also the index used for finding logs at query-time. You can optimize query performance by properly using labels. 
```
